OK, so like we talked about a
little earlier, we are going to
show you two types of pictures
and this first type you will see
are graphic novels. OK, so they
are a series of pictures that
tell a story. So imagine you're
telling the story to somebody
who cannot see them. Describe
what you see and what is
happening as you go through the
story and please try to take
between 10 and.
15 minutes.
OK, OK, so the first one has
around 20 pages and you can
start when you're ready.
Uh.
This is a story I'm supposed to
say in story form.
Um, you can describe what you
see on there, describe what I
see, OK? And because it's a
story, you can also tell the
story.
OK, so many pages.
#START_journey Yeah, OK, I see.
A story about little kids
playing in the street, so it's
probably back in.
The 60s or 70s?
And.
That's it. And ohh when a little
boy that looks lonely because he
wants to play with somebody.
Yeah, and inside the apartment
building on the House.
His mother's cooking. His
sister, I guess, is on the couch
and his dad is on the computer.
So that eliminates the 60s since
he's on the computer, yeah, but
it still looks like an old,
older picture.
OK, this one.
Uh.
He's helping his mom cook.
He's watching over his dad's
shoulder.
And he's watching his sister
read a book or whatever she's on
on the couch.
And then he goes and sits down
on his bed.
Sad, it looks like he's sad.
Yeah.
Now here he uh.
Looks like he came up with an
idea. Oh, OK. He decided to go
fly his kite, I guess.
And.
Or make a kite and then he went
outside with it.
Or maybe not a kite. Oh, OK, I
see what he's doing. He took a
red pen. He drew a door on the
on the wall and it became a real
door and he went through it.
Then he ended up in some
enchanted forest.
And that's all I see there.
And he.
He's standing on the dock,
looking into the river.
And he draws ohh he ok and he
draws a boat. Then he gets in
the boat.
And the boat takes him to some
castle.
OK, that's that's it.
So he floats into the castle.
The guards are waving at him.
And yeah, a lot of activity is
going on.
In this castle.
But I guess he's going into the
castle.
Hmm.
Then he gets to the edge.
A waterfall.
And fall and about to fall over.
So he draws a circle.
So he can fall into the circle?
OK, and then he gets in the air
balloon.
And flies up.
To, I don't know, something in
the clouds.
Another land in the clouds.
Yeah, so then he sees.
Other aircraft.
Moving around, probably
wondering what's going on.
That's it.
So he lands on uh the one
aircraft.
And uh.
Yeah, well, it looks like he's
landing, getting ready to land
onto this Aircraft.
That's it.
So he gets off the boat, air
balloon, goes into the castle.
And he sees a bird, guards
guarding a bird.
After he climbs up into this
building.
OK so I ohh he's he tries to
seal the bird.
And the guards are.
Not liking that.
And then he goes and gets.
Uh, I'm sure I'm assuming he's
trying to escape on this purple
thing.
Oh, wait, wait a minute. The
purple thing is the bird. Yeah.
OK, so he set the bird free and
and he's going to fly away on
the bird.
Yeah.
And he drops his red marker.
Which is a bad thing. And then.
They put him in some type of
bird cage and lowers him down.
OK then the bird brings his red
marker back to him and he draw.
He starts to Draw Something.
Something in a rectangle.
OK, a magic carpet.
So he's able to fly away on this
carpet.
Following the bird.
And then now they're getting
ready to land.
Looks like in the middle of the
desert to me.
OK.
So they land.
He sees a door in a tree.
So he opens the door and goes
through it.
Then when he gets through the
door, turns out it was a
mailbox.
Right on the very street that he
just came from.
So then he.
Sees his friend.
Oh, that has a purple marker. So
looks to me like he drew the
bird.
And then they end up drawing
circles, the both of them.
Then it turns into a bicycle.
And they're going somewhere. The
the red marker boy is is
pointing the way to the purple
marker boy. #END_journey
So that was the story. It seems
to me that you're going through
it pretty quickly. You didn't
tell the story. Next time when
you see a story, also describe
the picture. Ohh OK, so then now
we're just looking at a
different type of pictures.
There are complex scenes.
They're just one page. Imagine
you're describing the scene to
somebody who cannot see the
picture.
Describe what is happening and
what you see as thoroughly as
possible and take between three
and five minutes.
OK, and here we go.
#START_birthday_party_fun OK,
this is a a picture of.
Somebody is giving a birthday
party in their backyard.
And uh.
And Umm.
This party has a lot of people.
And monkeys.
Food.
And.
And monkeys and Penguins.
So this is just one big party
with a lot of people and
animals.
And everybody's having fun.
Pinata. They have a pinata.
Hmm.
And that's it. That's all I see.
{OK, can you tell me more about
what you see on the pictures?
Specific things?} OK, I see a
guy in a caveman outfit.
Pirate, pirate hat, superhero.
Somebody's in a jogging outfit.
There is a little old lady
looking over the over the.
Uh, what is this? This is fence.
And.
OK, some boy is trying to hit
the pinata.
And um, I see Indians, people
dressed up as Indians. Like I'm
assuming this is a costume
party.
OK, a clown I see.
Wait, OK, I see a Penguin, a
pool. Kids playing in the pool.
Donkey, robot.
Hmm.
Crocodile, lion, another
Penguin, elephant. So
everybody's dressed as
something.
Something. Yeah. Hmm.
#END_birthday_party_fun
Is that good enough? Yeah, that
was about 3 minutes. OK, just do
what you were doing. Next time,
describe what you see
specifically. OK, OK. So going
forward.
Try another one.
#START_deep_sea_divers OK, here
I see people on a boat.
In a boat. S several, a lot of
people on boats and
They are.
A lot of people are putting on
deep sea scuba diving.
Outfits and going down into the
water.
When they get to the water, they
see fish.
Swordfish. I see an octopus, a
school of fish.
Squids, mermaids.
And uh, yeah.
And.
Yeah, school schools of fish.
Mermaids.
Whatever a man mermaid is.
And um.
So ohh, fish has a net like he's
getting ready to catch a person.
And.
Ohh yeah somebody's trying to
snag this yellow fish.
Um.
Oh, I also see a shark.
He looks mad.
Uh.
And that's that's it. Just a lot
of.
I see a
Ice skate ohh yeah yeah.
Um.
What else should I see?
Some.
Anchors.
For the boats.
And.
Ohh a cat or a fish with a cat's
face. Catfish.
Um.
OK, several people have Nets.
And um.
A lot of people don't have scuba
diving gear on.
Even though they're underwater.
And that's it. And everybody up
top, on top of the water is
fishing.
Is fishing. #END_deep_sea_divers
Hmm.
Right. That was about 3 minutes.
OK. So going forward, this is
another story like the one
before. Tell the story, but also
describe what you see. OK, here
we go.
#START_quest OK, this story
looks like a.
Ohh the purple and red marker
guys ended up.
At some bridge because it's
raining and I see a statue.
Park bench, garbage can.
Street light.
Trees and and another.
Statute.
And a door.
And one guy's looking at the
door, I guess, debating whether
or not they should go in. And
the other guy was. So it looks
to me like they just took
shelter under this bridge to get
out of the rain.
Hmm.
{And you know once ohh OK, go
ahead, go ahead.}
So while they're standing there,
some guy.
Comes out of the door.
And hand them a piece of paper.
And it's still raining.
And I guess he tells them to.
Gives it looks like he's giving
them a map and tells and points.
He's pointing at the map. Both
boys are looking, well one boy
is looking at the map, the other
one is looking down and then.
And some guards come.
The man drops an orange marker,
so now they have an orange
marker and the purple bird is
there. So they take the old man
back into the castle or back
into the whatever this is.
And so now the boys have a, one
boy as a purple marker, the
other boy, other boy has a red
marker. Now they have an orange
one.
Yeah.
So.
This picture after they closed
the door, the red marker guy
puts the orange marker in his
waistband.
And so now they're standing in
front of the door, still waiting
for it to stop raining.
And he draws with the purple
marker. He draws a key and the
red marker boy draws a key. Now
they have a.
Purple Key and a red key.
And the bird is looking at him.
Well, it just so happens that
both keys fit in the door.
So they go through the door,
bird and all.
Then they end up.
In front of a castle.
You have people on hot air
balloons flying over a
waterfall.
Guards.
Um.
And oh, the old man that dropped
the orange marker is there.
And then there's people, an
audience.
Looks like they're on a boat.
Hmm. And so the boys are on a
rock looking at the scene with
this old man.
Hmm.
So now they're trying to figure
out the the map he gave them. So
I see.
Um, looks like fire.
Something's on fire, and they're
still on that same rock, trying
to figure out.
The map.
Whereas the old man is still on
the boat with with the guard
with his captors.
And um.
They show a close up of the map
and one of the boys is pointing
at.
A yellow.
A yellow circle. A picture, a
building in a yellow circle.
Hmm. That's it.
So let me see.
I'm seeing there's still, I'm
still seeing the waterfall, the
boys with the map.
People in boats.
Um.
Fire. I don't know if the castle
was on fire, but.
OK, so then the two boys decide.
They're on a rock.
Talking to each other and they
decide to draw.
Scuba diving outfits so you know
for their head so they can
breathe and flippers on their
feet.
And a octopus and or yeah, the
bird turns into an octopus,
looks like. And and then they
all swim down into the water.
No, the bird doesn't turn it off
to us. He draws an octopus. And
all, now all four of them are in
the in the water.
OK, so then they go to now I see
the octopus up close.
They're inside of a building.
I see other fish, a statue.
You know they're headed towards
this building that was in the
circle on the map.
And um.
I'm seeing.
Yeah, columns just holding up
the building and.
Umm, a well lit.
entrance. I guess that's what
they're heading for.
That's it. OK, so they get to
the well lit entrance and they
see something on the statue.
sea lions, the the the the
statue is made like sea lions. I
see other fish.
Other statues, seaweed.
And they're picking up
something. Looks to me like it's
a yeah, OK, a yellow.
Um, marker.
So then now the guards are are
coming for them, so they have to
swim off while dude puts the.
Yellow marker in his.
Well, that looks like a bullet.
One of those things were bullets
to put bullets in, but he's
putting markers in it and then
they swim off to the next place.
On the map.
So now I'm seeing trees. Palm
trees.
Like they've on an island.
So they go to this island.
Take off their flippers. Bird is
still with them.
And I see the sky, sun, water.
Now they're drawing something.
With a red and purple marker
while the bird looks on.
OK, so.
Now they're, right. Now I'm
seeing a purple rhinoceros.
With a red.
Saddle that has a cover to it,
so they're riding this
rhinoceros going to a castle. I
see two statues, more palm
trees.
And.
Over here I see a.
Looks like it might be a
lighthouse in the middle of the
water.
Uh hmm.
Waterfall, grass, trees.
I don't see the boys anymore in
this one.
And so then they run across the
bridge, one of those bridges
that you
Would be afraid to walk on.
And to the lighthouse. So I'm
seeing, uh, the, the the Cliff
that they just came off of, the
two boys, the bird, sky, water
and this lighthouse. So they're
headed for the lighthouse.
And then when they get there,
they get on top of the
lighthouse with the guards
chasing them.
So I'm seeing the land that they
just came from that they're on
top of the lighthouse, the bird
is there now. They're drawing.
Something.
That I don't know what it is
yet.
OK. And so it turns out to be a
swing and a giant insect. That's
what it looks like to me. So I'm
seeing.
The guards trying to reach out
to him.
But they're just out of reach.
Snow covered mountains.
A hot air balloon still.
And they're being carried off by
a giant.
I'm gonna say mosquito, the
giant mosquito, and I'm seeing
the water and clouds in the sky.
And then they end up landing on
top of a building.
The purple mosquito drops them
off of a red swing, and a purple
bird is filled with them. And
um, oh, I see the guards coming
in in hot air balloons, so
they're still chasing them. And
now they're at the top of this
building trying to figure out
what to draw.
To get them out of this
predicament.
Hmm.
So now I see a guards all over
the place in hot air balloons.
Just determined to to catch
these two and the bird. I see
the sky, top of the building.
Um.
Still hot air balloons.
That's it.
OK, so now the boys have drawn a
rainbow. That's what I see, a
rainbow. And well, the the the
bird helps them.
And still see guards in hot air
balloons.
Um.
And water, sky, mountains.
So I still see the rainbow and
the reflection of it in.
In the water, the old guy that
gave them the orange marker and
some other people, I guess
guards, No, those are like just
regular people in a boat and an
orange boat at the end of the
rainbow.
And then the bird flies away.
And so that's what I see. The
Orange Boat, a building, the
castle.
Snow covered mountains.
And water.
OK, so here.
I'm still seeing the rainbow.
People are looking at this,
these two boys and the old man
now on this purple rhinoceros.
And um.
I guess they saved the day.
Yeah. Yeah. So now you get your
purple octopus in the water, and
the people who live in this town
are. Looks like they're
celebrating, celebrating that
the boys rescued them.
And I'm still seeing the Purple
bird, buildings, houses.
And the boat, the the orange
boat. And like they're going
well, going somewhere.
Hmm.
And.
Then they get to the rock, the
original rock that that they
came into. I see a waterfall,
the doorway.
Um.
Purple octopus, purple
rhinoceros.
And the old guy. And they're
getting off the rhinoceros.
And they go back, oh wait, he's
drawing them something with the
orange marker. Ohh a crown. So
he draws a crown for the little,
for the boys. They say goodbye
and they go back through the
door they came in.
And and now they're back home.
Under this bridge, I'm seeing
the bridge. I see the rainbow.
So it stopped raining.
Ground is still wet though, and
I'm seeing statues on each side
of the building, buildings in
the background.
And the two boys have their
crowns on. #END_quest
Umm, so that was the story. I
know at the details. OK, so
let's now take a break.
OK, so this next one is also a
graphic novel. It also has
around 20 pages.
So keep doing what you were
doing. Describe what you see and
what is happening in details.
OK.
OK, um.
Give me a drop something.
#START_return OK, I see.
A picture of the inside of
people's house, somebody's
house.
The father is on the on the
second floor.
Looks like he's drawing
something.
And um.
And I see a red kite.
Then in the next room and down
the stairs.
I see the tail of a kite.
With the the the room has a
picture on the wall, computer.
Two pictures on the wall. A
plant.
Well, 4 pictures on the wall.
And then um.
Then I'm also seeing the outside
of this, of this House.
Those the stoplight, trees, sky,
other buildings in the
background.
And um.
Then the next room in the house
is somebody's bedroom.
Looks like with a cat laying on
top of.
Something and a window and a
lamp. And then the next room is
the bathroom. I see a sink.
Two pictures, a mirror, a light.
And a trash can.
Downstairs.
On the 1st floor.
I'm seeing a.
The Little boy's room with the
red marker. The little boy with
the red marker boy, and he has
his orange crown on still.
I see a window, a light or
that's not a light. That's a
basketball hoop look like.
His bed, dresser.
And he's drawing a a door in the
wall.
Then I see the stairway.
Leading that leads upstairs.
Then this looks like the
kitchen. Cupboards, stove.
And and then next to that.
I see a another room looks like
the front door. Coat rack.
Mirror, stairway.
Lamp, pictures on the wall. A
vase or vase. of a table and
then down in the basement I'm
seeing the.
That looks like a hot water tank
sewer.
And some other things that
they've stored, like a surfboard
guitar case that they've stored
in the basement.
Hmm.
OK, the father is looking at a,
looks away from his drawing, and
looks at the kite.
He gets off his stool.
picks up the kite.
And then the next picture is the
drawing table, the stool that he
was sitting on, the kite, but no
him, no man.
And so he goes into his son's
room.
Where I'm seeing.
It looks like a replica of a hot
air balloon, replica of the
mosquito, a map on the wall.
A replica of the rhinoceros and
a replica of the octopus. I'm
seeing a.
Window, pictures on the wall.
The dad is looking through the
door.
That the boy just drew.
Curious curiously.
Hmm.
OK, so now the dad walks through
the door. Now he's in the
Enchanted Forest that the boy
was in. I'm seeing trees.
Uh, strings of lights, lanterns.
Umm.
Water, a river stream running
through and the dock, and a red
ball or something on the dock.
OK, so the father gets on to the
dock somehow, picks up the ball.
Still seeing trees and lanterns
and string lights. Now a boat.
In the shape of a.
Well, I'm gonna say a giant,
some kind of sea creature.
So the sea creature comes up to
the dock.
The father gets in the boat and
then it takes off.
Then they approached this
castle.
The father is.
Probably wondering where they
are.
I'm seeing the castle, sky.
Water.
The door to the castle.
And.
Somehow this the.
Well I see the boy in the red
boat with the Orange Crown
Going across some some bridge.
So I'm I'm seeing the castle
still. A moon.
Dark sky. So it's at night.
Um, water.
And.
That's it.
OK, so now the father gets up to
the door of the castle.
Gets off the boat. Now I'm
seeing guards or a guard or two
of them, and.
Both boys with the orange
crowns, the purple bird, the old
man that they.
Rescued.
I see uh
People.
Standing on the balcony of the
castle, looking.
And and then the boy's red boat
is in the water.
And here.
Next page the father.
Is, I guess, trying to talk to
the boy.
And the other little boy. I see
a a like a King's throne.
And.
I guess he's refusing to get in
it or sit on it.
Hmm.
So the next picture I'm seeing
still the night sky, the castle.
I see a guard standing in front
of the boat.
The father, the purple bird, old
man and the two boys.
People still on the balcony
looking.
And on the next page.
Night Sky with stars in it.
The boat.
I see water.
The father, the two boys,
guards.
The old man is holding something
up.
The orange marker looks like.
And that's that.
OK, so now the old man is
drawing something with his
marker.
The father and the two boys are
looking.
The, uh looking at him. The.
Hmm, I see two guards.
I see another boy.
And the castle. Parts of the
castle. Night Sky with stars.
One of the guards is holding a.
I don't know what that is.
A music box, a siren, something.
And so the old man is is
standing on this steps.
Pointing his rod at him. I guess
that's what he drew.
And trying to stop the guard.
Then the guard points the.
What I thought was a music box.
And, uh, looks like it might be
some type of vacuum where he's
he's taking, you know, taking
all the markers off from the old
man. The guards grabbed the old
man, and then the guy with the
um
Vacuum runs off.
OK, now the next picture. I see
the father, the two boys, the
guy with the thing in his hand,
vacuum, I'm going to call it.
Bird, purple bird. And the boy
with the purple marker is
drawing something with a wing,
something with wings.
This picture still I'm seeing
the moon, night sky with stars.
A man is on the balcony of the.
Uh, castle. And he's reaching
out.
I don't know whose side he's on
yet, but then I see water.
And the and and he had the boy
with the purple marker drew a.
I'm gonna say Flying dragon or
something. And so they fly off,
the two boys and the dad.
And you can see the castle down
below getting smaller, or the
town, whatever that is.
Hmm.
And here.
The boat. I see the boat, I see
the castle in the background.
Hmm, the guy.
With the contraption thing.
He's uh
Looks like he's releasing all
the colors with the purple color
anyway. Then I see the red boat
that the boys was riding in.
Statue on the.
Um castle.
And.
I see the old man and two
guards.
And on this one.
The dad and the two boys.
Are on this ridding horse.
Flying Horse I mean and the guy
with the purple marker is
throwing his marker.
At the guy with the with the
contraption.
And I'm seeing more ohh OK and.
So the man with the contraption
is now releasing.
Purple feathers into the air.
And I see the the boat, but now
it's up in the sky, so
apparently it flies. And the old
man, 2 guards, one of the boys.
Is and and the old man has the
boy by the hand trying to pull
him into the boat. And the next
picture is the other boy, the
purple, red marker boy and the
dad is.
In the sky, I guess they're
falling, yeah.
Now the dad, the boy, purple
boy, and the purple.
Um, bird fall into the water.
I'm seeing water. Fish.
He dropped his crown. His crown
came off his head.
Uh some type of.
Structure in the water and then
the boy with the red marker.
Draws, is drawing something.
I'm assuming it's a boat. OK, so
we're so the yeah.
And then?
In this picture I just see
water.
This stuff this in the water
like seaweed.
Things like that.
And.
And the top of the water where
the land is coming out and then
now they're in a submarine.
So that's what the boy with the
red marker was drawing, a
submarine. The boy, the dad, is
downstairs controlling the
submarine and the boy is looking
out.
The.
Periscope.
Hmm.
And then,
They land somewhere.
I think they're on shore. I
think they're out of the water.
They see picture, a cave. They
see pictures drawn on a cave.
Probably back in the days when
people had to communicate with
pictures and.
Then the bird. I see the bird.
I see all kinds of debris on
the.
On the ground.
And.
Now here.
Hmm. OK, pictures on the wall.
I'm assuming they're in The Cave
now. Still pictures on the wall,
a column, water.
And that's pretty much all I
see.
OK, OK, so the boy and the dad
is and the bird is in The Cave
now and they're looking at the
pictures that was drawn on the
ceiling of The Cave.
And then I see also see a door.
Like under a little ledge, so
and then. This is the view of
what it looks like outside from
inside The Cave.
So, Umm yeah. So I see sky,
water, rocks, and the top of The
Cave.
OK so now.
The guards, wait, the old man.
The guy with the vacuum.
Are now in front of The Cave
too. Still pictures on The Cave.
The dad and the boy and the bird
are inside The Cave. Still see
that door. Don't know what that
leads to.
And um.
The the dad takes the one of the
markers.
And Draw Something, begins to
Draw Something, and then he ends
up drawing a bird cage for the
bird.
And the next picture is OK, the
bird cage.
Is a, bird is in the bird cage
the guy with the the.
Contraption here.
I guess he's trying to suck the
bird into it.
And the dad and the boy is
hiding behind a pillar, looking
at him.
I'm seeing um, I don't see
pictures on the ceiling anymore,
but water and land.
And then the next picture the
guy catches up to the bird.
I guess sucks him up into the
into the contraption.
And the dad and the boy end up
Capturing him in this in this
bird cage and and it looks like
he's about to free the bird from
that thing by breaking it.
Hmm.
So he breaks it. The bird is
released.
Because I see a bird, I see the
flying horse, or whatever that
is.
All kinds of colors. Still see
that little door.
Um, water and the walls of The
Cave. And over here I'm seeing
all kinds of colors. The old
man, the boy.
A bunch of purple butterfly, the
boat, 2 guards.
that look like they're scared.
And all kinds of butterflies.
Butterflies.
cricket, what did I say? That
was mosquitoes. And then of
course the ceiling of The Cave.
And outside The Cave is sky.
OK, so on this one.
The flying horse OK is uh, picks
up the bird cage with the with
the guy in it and flies off with
it. Now you got all kinds of
different colored birds flying
around.
Um.
The purple octopus is in the
water. The two guards is in the
boat.
Going in the opposite direction
and the boy.
Two, the, both boys, the dad and
the old man and the bird.
Are standing there looking at
them and.
And I also see that little door.
So the the in the next picture I
see a a rock with the little
door, a pillar in the
background.
The boy and the old man and the
bird and the dad and the one boy
is hugging him because he just
saved everybody. OK.
And this picture has. They're
back home.
I see a red kite, building,
skyscrapers and whatnot, trees.
The door leading to their house.
And um.
This is 3 floors and a basement,
so up on the top floor of the
attic there's I'm seeing
suitcases and things, things
that they probably put up there
just for storage.
The second floor is the dad's
workshop where he was drawing.
And that little door pictures
are on the wall bookcase, a door
leading out of the room. The 2nd
floor is the staircase.
At the front door at that,
that's where the front door
leaves out.
Um, coat rack, pictures on the
wall, lamps, a table, and then
you're leading into the kitchen
because I see the stove, the fan
over the stove and the
telephone. And in the basement,
hot water heater.
And a pipe that takes the sewage
out. #END_return
Alright, so that was the story,
OK.
So we're going to do something
different. So instead of a
graphic novel, this time we will
have a complex scene. Again,
describe what you see in detail
and take between three and five
minutes, OK?
Wow. No, it's a lot.
#START_exhibit_12 OK.
This is called the Great
Portrait Exposition exhibition.
Um.
So you got a room
With a lot of people in it.
And I see pictures on the wall.
Staircase.
Um.
I I see a man on a ladder like
he's painting something.
Umm.
What else do I see? I see a
yeah, pictures of clowns,
people.
Umm.
People from all walks of life.
It's just a room full of people.
Hmm.
I also see a ladder where people
are climbing up the ladder,
putting up the sign that says
the Great Portrait Exhibition
and.
OK, yeah, this is a, at a proper
art gallery. So they're in an
art gallery.
And um.
Yeah.
That's it. I just see a whole
bunch of activity.
Umm.
{Is that good enough?
A little bit more, just
something. OK.}
I see a picture of.
A guy with a long beard.
Um, a picture of a guy that
could be.
Hmm. George Washington.
And a picture of um.
Man and a woman.
Uh, what else?
I see somebody spinning.
Top or something over his head.
And um.
People in swimming trunks.
Hmm.
Umm.
Somebody were a sombrero on.
These people are.
I see people putting up the
pictures too also.
#END_exhibit_12
OK. Yeah.
We can go on to the next part of
a graphic novel.
3 pages.
OK.
#START_arrival_2 OK, here I see
pictures.
A picture of pictures.
I see a picture of three women.
Wrapped in some kind of
clothing, like they're trying to
stay warm. I see pictures of
three men.
Um, just standing there waiting
for something. Then I see a
picture of a lady holding a baby
with a man with his back to her.
Then a picture of a man.
Uh, looking into a book, and
then the next picture he's
writing something. The next
picture, he tears out the page
that he wrote on.
And he makes some kind of
origami bird.
And.
Hmm, I don't know. It looks like
it turns into a real bird.
And now he's sitting.
Down.
Waiting for something looks
like. and then he's standing,
the last picture he's standing
up with the bird in his hand.
Then he looks up into the sky
and releases the bird. But now
there's a whole bunch of them,
so this looks to me like.
These people are.
Umm, what I want to say.
They're leaving their hometown
or this wherever they're from on
a boat, and more than likely
coming to America.
That's what it looks like to me.
Hmm.
And so, yeah.
Ohh OK OK, maybe not America.
But anyway, here I see water.
Skyscrapers and buildings, birds
in the sky.
The people on this boat, on this
ship.
And um.
The pipes coming out, I guess I
don't know what comes out of
there and.
Looks like and other little
boats on the water looks like
they're waiting to dock
somewhere, and here I'm seeing.
Sky, birds in the sky.
A statue of two men shaking
hands. One man has a looks like
a rat on his arm, the other one
has a bird on his shoulder.
OK, looks like there are two
boats. Anyway, this boat has a
suit. The one with the rat has a
suitcase, a bowl and some kind
of Vase that you drink out of, I
guess. And the other one, the
one with the bird, has a tea
kettle, a bucket or so, some
type, and this triangle thing.
Then then you have a little
ship. A ship looks like a.
One that you would take to go on
a cruise, you know, Titanic.
Maybe that's what this is, but
anyway. And then of course you
see the people in the boat.
Looking ahead. Yeah.
OK, so now the ship is I see
sky, see the sun trying to peek
through the sky.
Birds.
A little boat, then I see a big.
Boat, a big, a ship.
And um.
This triangle in the water. I
guess that's one of those.
Cones that guides the ships, I
think. Then the next page I see
the people talking amongst
themselves. Then, then the next
picture some man is talking to
them through one of those
bullhorns.
Next picture they're unlocking
the gates.
To the ship. The next, this guy
picks up his suitcase. Now him
and his family are headed
towards the gate. Everybody gets
off the boat ship.
And now they're standing there.
Off the boat on land now.
Because I see the boat in the
background, sky clouds, and I
guess they're waiting to see
what happens next.
#END_arrival_2
OK. So that was this part of the
story. OK. And we've got another
part.
OK.
#START_arrival_5 This picture I
see birds, sky.
Umm.
That's either the moon or the
sun.
Umm.
A town surrounded by water.
People in a boat.
Buildings.
Some buildings have a.
Have a face like an owl owl's
face.
And.
The next picture, um, somebody's
wrapping a rope around.
A statue or some sort. Two men
are talking. One is.
Look like he's welcoming him
into his home. Then you got a
boy walking up the steps
carrying something.
Two animals at his feet, walking
up some steps.
Then his mom or grandmother,
whoever she is, is handing him a
bowl of food.
He takes the food, gives her a
kiss.
And then
The other guy, I mean. Wait a
minute.
OK, yeah, the the man is
introducing his wife, I'm
assuming to this man that he
welcomed into his home. The
woman is now inviting the man
in. Look like she's saying come
on in. So now they have drinks.
Four people.
And look like they're getting
ready to make a toast. And then
they, the bowl, they start
picking out things out from the
bowl. Food. Then the woman
starts to prepare the food to be
cooked.
And this picture she's um.
Looked like she's putting
something in some type of
contraption.
And then
I guess the food is done. Looked
like she's pouring gravy, uh
basting, basting this this bird
to eat.
OK, so now they are sitting at
the table, the boy.
The man, the woman and the man
they invited in, sitting at a
table. I see table, chairs.
These two animals.
Which aren't one of them looks
like a cat, but it's not.
And the boy is feeding one of
them from his plate. Then they
have um.
Table full of food.
The father is looks like he's
opened in a bottle of champagne,
but I don't know what that is.
Then the now they're showing
pictures of the father, the
mother, the man they invited in.
Laughing and talking at the
table as they eat. Now, the
father, it has a.
Um.
Hmm.
I forget what this is called.
But um.
He's playing it.
Um, accordion. It's called an
accordion. OK, the mother starts
to play some type of wind
instrument.
But she has it up to her mouth.
The little boy has some type of
string instrument with the cat
looking creature next to him.
The man they invited in has
paper in his hand, opening it
up.
Hmm.
OK, then he makes a oh, OK, he
makes a origami.
Replica of that cat looking
thing.
And gives it to the boy.
And the dad is pulling out.
A part of something off looks
like off the stove.
The mom and dad are standing
there holding the pot and then
the dad is holding the pot of
something. OK, then you got a
vase.
And then another picture of a
vase and a table, and then
another picture of a vase in A
frame, on a table in A frame.
Then
I guess the man is now in the
next picture is a man or boy in
bed waking up because he's
rubbing his eye and one of their
pets.
Jumps up on the bed and it's
handing him something.
And then in the next picture,
the man is petting
The the animal.
In the next picture he's putting
on a shirt and in the next
picture.
Um, he's cutting something,
something edible with a knife.
In the next picture, he's given
some of it to, he has a, I see
the man in the chair, table,
plate, and he's handing He's
given something to that to the
animal. Then the man that they
invited in is putting on his
coat.
Then he's standing there, then
the creature, the animal, the
pet, hands him his hat. So I
guess he's about to leave.
OK, next picture is um.
I think they're back at the
ship. Well, I see Sky, banners
in the sky, maybe not back at
the ship. And people carrying
suitcases and bags, animals.
And in the next picture I see
the same man with the pet.
Walk up to a door with a man who
is a cook.
Yeah, as he's holding a pot, he
has on a chef's hat.
And in the next picture I see.
A man who looks like he's fixing
something, fixing a.
Some kind of some kind of
contraption, and he has a pet
with him.
The man, and with the hat, it's
standing there with his pet.
He's saying something to the man
and the man has his hand up like
he's saying no.
And in the next picture I see.
Umm.
What is that? Some kind
something in the background,
buildings I guess, and it looks
like they're pulling a rope.
Three men are pulling a rope. In
the next picture I see fish.
With a man with a big basket and
I don't know if he's feeding the
fish.
Or cooking them. OK and then in
the next picture I see three
people.
Two women and a man, same cook,
the cook I saw another picture,
I think and.
She's buying something because
she's giving her money.
And in the next picture I see a
man sitting down.
Trying to he has a wrench in his
hand, looks like. So he might be
trying to fix something. Then in
the next picture I see a man on
a ladder.
And he's painting something on
the wall. Next picture is a
woman and some type of cart.
And.
Yeah, and a cart. This next
picture is the man with the hat.
A woman.
Uh.
Jars and and and everything
containers on the, on the
shelves, on the wall.
Whatever he's saying to her,
she's saying no. And then I also
see jars with um.
Hmm, something sticking up out
of them. I don't know if that's
the best food or what. Then in
the next picture I see.
I guess these are hot air
balloons.
OK, but they haven't taken off
yet and.
Picture of the man with the hat
and his pet.
Picture of the other guy, or a
guy and his pet and people with
brooms sweeping the ground.
And then I see two men carrying
something. #END_arrival_5
Hmm. So that was this part of
the story.
This will be the last one we do.
It has 2 pages, OK.
Oh, not 2 pages. Let me
actually, this will be
everything we do today.